Clarify docs on context-based store value propagation behavior during SSR (#11519)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/20-core-concepts/50-state-management.md

<p>Welcome {$user.name}</p>
```

> Updating the value of a context-based store in deeper-level pages or components will not affect the value in the parent component while the page is being rendered via SSR as the parent component has already been rendered by the time the store value is updated. Once CSR kicks in (if enabled), the value will be propagated and components, pages, and layouts higher in the hierarchy will react to the new value. To avoid values 'flashing' during state updates during hydration, it is generally recommended to pass state down into components rather than up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating the value of a context-based store in deeper-level pages or components while the page is being rendered via SSR will not affect the value in the parent component because it has already been rendered by the time the store value is updated. In contrast, on the client (when CSR is enabled, which is the default) the value will be propagated and components, pages, and layouts higher in the hierarchy will react to the new value. Therefore, to avoid values 'flashing' during state updates during hydration, it is generally recommended to pass state down into components rather than up.
```
